so following on from episode three we
found out that kate was working for
lamar which is going to be a huge
problem for meech and it took a lot of
the audience as a surprise and i'm sure
lamar and cato's connection goes even
deeper to what we've seen how they're
connected i'm sure we're gonna find out
soon so going into episode four there's
more problems for meech not just with
kato but they've only got around two or
three days worth of product left so he's
going to go to pi and ask for three keys
worth and he wants to buy them all up
front but we all know from last week
that pai is someone who wants to keep
terry and meech under his thumb and keep
them out of prison because if they get
paid he gets paid but you shouldn't get
high off your own product either we're
going to talk about this little
situation in a bit more detail later on
in this video now detective brian tells
meech that his boss is going after
everybody in the down river area thus
dealing drugs and that includes meech
and terry so more problems for them as
we see them getting arrested but we're
going to talk all things episode 4 and
break down the trailer as usual but of
course if you're new to the channel and
you haven't done so already then
remember to smash the subscribe button
to see everything bmf and power universe
related let's talk all things episode 4
and what to expect next week and one
problem that mitch and terry have is
they've only got about two or three days
worth of product left and this is all
because of the last few days they've
been pushing their product hard on the
streets meech gave the incentive of his
rolex to whoever sold the most because
they only had about two days left to
shift their product in paper and he
explained that cracking down the web
ain't always about beating someone it's
about knowing which buttons to press to
get people to do exactly what you want
them to do and it worked it worked with
his crew on the streets and it worked
with his food truck business but k2 and
b mickey were selling their stone
burgers but now they're low on product
so we're going to see them going up to
pat and asking him for more something
that they've done before in the very
first episode when pat told them that
they've been selling way too fast and
pat explained that their job is to get
paid but to also stay out of jail which
i do agree with because you have to
master the art of timing when you do
want to surpass the teacher especially
in this game but something else you
shouldn't be doing is getting half your
own like we saw pat doing this is
rule number one you have to be in
control and have your head on a constant
swivel at all times and as miesha's
mentor you can't let him see you in this
state which even took meech by surprise
and this is probably going to push meech
and terry to try and become kings of
their own kingdom even quicker so we're
going to see them asking for three keys
and he wants to pay for all of them up
front and pat is going to tell them
again don't get too ahead of yourselves
because you don't have the
infrastructure to move such way which is
also true but we all know how ambitious
meech is he's hungry and he's always
thinking three moves ahead just like how
he came up with a clever stone burger
idea in episode two he had to think
quick and he did but while they wanted
up their product that they're purchasing
from pat detective bryan tells meech
that his boss is going after everybody
in the darn river area thus dealing
drugs and this is what pat meant about
making money but staying out of jail as
well we're going to see mitch and terry
being arrested by the looks of this
trailer and no doubt the investigation
of jaimo's disappearance and death is
going to be at the center of attention
especially with detective lopez mitch
tells brian that they still need each
other and i do think detective brian
will continue giving meech information
on what's happening with the
investigation on jmo so he's able to
stay one move ahead of the police and
he'll help him cover his tracks with
jaimo's death but bimiki has definitely
caught some real for meege and what
is b miki's problem because he doesn't
like taking orders from meech and terry
especially when he killed jaimo and
dumped his body in the river which will
most likely be found next week and the
cops will definitely want answers for
this and someone will have to take the
fool be miki told me that he'll let him
take the credit for it in the streets
and of course he's happy for me to take
the credit for the death of jmo because
if he were to go down then bbq gets what
he wants which is more control over the
organization and decision making now
bemike really does have a problem i
don't think he's working with anybody
else like cato's working with lamar but
he definitely wants to start making more
decisions and being a leader rather than
someone who takes orders and i really
wouldn't be surprised if b miki was the
one who shot terry as i mentioned in my
review recap video because it does make
sense with how we've seen him behave
over the last few episodes but terry
thinks it's lamar and hopefully we do
find out but if we don't then it just
keeps that bit of mystery just like in
real life how we never really got the
answers to who shot terry but we also
see the baby christening for wondering
terry's little baby and it's going to be
pastor swift who's going to be doing the
christening he's someone who's really
going to start to get involved with
every aspect of the flannery household
and charles definitely won't be a big
fan of this when he was in their home
holding lucille's hand we could see the
look that charles gave and he even
stopped him short of finishing when
pastor swift offered to help with
regards to terry's eye surgery that went
wrong and now that i can see him started
to get a lot closer to lucille and being
this confident which charles will
definitely have an issue with now we
also see the 50 boys strapping up and
cato firing some shots because as lamar
mentioned in episode 3 that he wants to
wait until meech and terry's pockets are
full before the attack and they may well
be full after the next purchase from pat
le mans wants to hit them at the right
time and he's going to be working
overtime to shut the 50 boys down for
good but could meech later on down the
line have an unlikely ally in flamel not
any time soon because i doubt he's going
to be moving from the hospital bed in
the state that we saw him in but we saw
hamid tried to recruit him in episode 2
following on from the offer that he made
to jmo in the first episode which he
turned down and he knows that flamel is
a businessman who's all about the paper
and he told him that he wanted to give
him this opportunity to make more money
than he can even imagine but he turned
this down at the time because he was
loyal to the 12th street boys and he was
loyal to jmo but that could all change
now after the death of jmo and him being
beaten to an inch of his life and
realizing that lamar was behind setting
up jmo as well now the offer to flamel
wasn't a take it or leave the offer
meech told him that this offer won't
last forever so it very well may still
be on the table especially if flamel
brings you information on cato working
with lamar will be miki being the one
responsible for shooting terry for
example i could definitely see them
working together to take lamar down
because i highly doubt lamar and slick
will let go of the 12th street boys and
the crew that they have now underneath
them but that's just a rundown of the
trailer for episode 4 which is titled
heroes so drop all your comments and
predictions down below in the comment
section as we move towards the halfway
point of bmf's first season so drop all
your comments down below and of course
if you're new to the channel you haven't
done so already remember to smash the
subscribe button you shouldn't see
everything bmf and power universe
related but as always thank you guys for
watching and i'll see you
next time